for five consecutive nights Israelis
took to the streets in hopes of sending
a message to their government that time
has run
out demonstrators carried 27 coffins
through the streets of Tel Aviv at the
start of the rally to symbolize deceased
captives whose bodies are still being
held in
Gaza Benjamin Netanyahu the prime
minister's sentence my cousin Carmel to
death her and all the
[Applause]
hostages murderer the crowd chants
blaming Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu for the deaths saying he
doesn't want a deal we all know that
they were alive there and now they're
not they came back in coffins 21 people
that already came back dead from Gaza
and you know we are still have people
there that's dead and need to be bring
back to be buried in Israel but still we
have many people alive and we shout for
them that will get to seal the deal and
bring them home before they're dead too
the eruption of protests calling for a
ceasefire deal came after the Israeli
Army announced it had recovered the
bodies of six Israeli captives from a
tunnel in southern Gaza over the weekend
in an interview with American Media
Netanyahu accused Hamas of being the
main obstacle for why there hasn't been
a ceasefire deal while maintaining that
his red lines are only getting tougher
but family members of Israeli captives
say that Netanyahu is neither capable
nor willing to accept a deal ham Sal Al
jaaz make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer